feat: add benchmarks (#23)
dylibso/hermit: benchmarks/README.md

## Benchmarks

> The purpose of this tool is to benchmark the perf. of the 'Hermit-cli'.This will let us track performance changes from one release to another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this tool is to benchmark the performance of the `hermit` CLI. This will let us track performance changes from one release to another.
```
